Docs: Alert notification channel secure settings and provisioning (#26420)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/installation/upgrading.md

## Upgrading to v7.2

### Ensure encryption of existing alert notification channel secrets

Before Grafana v7.2 alert notification channels did not store sensitive settings/secrets such as API tokens and password encrypted in the database. In Grafana v7.2, creating a new alert notification channel will store sensitive settings encrypted in the database.

Currently the following alert notifiers have been updated to support storing their sensitive settings encrypted:
- Slack (URL and Token)
- Pagerduty (Integration Key)
- Webhook (Password)
- Prometheus Alertmanager (Basic Auth Password)

> For existing alert notification channels there are no automatic migration of storing sensitive settings encrypted and they will continue to work as before. Migration have to be done manually. Opening a configured alert notification channel in the UI and saving it will store sensitive settings encrypted and at the same time reset the historic unencrypted setting of that alert notification channel in the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For existing alert notification channels, there is no automatic migration of storing sensitive settings encrypted, and they will continue to work as before. Migration must be done manually. Opening a configured alert notification channel in the UI and saving it will store sensitive settings encrypted and at the same time reset the historic unencrypted setting of that alert notification channel in the database.
```

> For provisioning of alert notification channels, refer to [Alert notification channels]({{< relref "../administation/provisioning.md#alert-notification-channels" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For provisioning of alert notification channels, refer to [Alert notification channels]({{< relref "../administration/provisioning.md#alert-notification-channels" >}}).
```

> For provisioning of alert notification channels, please refer to the [documentation]({{< relref "../administation/provisioning.md#alert-notification-channels" >}}) of how to migrate to use secure settings instead of settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For provisioning of alert notification channels, refer to [Alert notification channels]({{< relref "../administation/provisioning.md#alert-notification-channels" >}}).
```
